Add release notes for upcoming 32-bit floating points (#92)
tableau/hyper-db: website/docs/releases.md

### Upcoming Release

* We have introduced a new 32-bit floating point data type.
  * Persisting it is only supported in the new file format 4.
  * A `CAST(… AS double precision)` is needed to store such columns in older file formats.

> * We announced file format 3 (bigger 128-bit numerics) and file format 4 (32-bit floating points)

Reviewer: Pleas split into two bullet points. One for format 3, one for format 4

Author: 0ff798c4877d54afde264ea438cc3885b320eb87

> * We announced file format 3 (bigger 128-bit numerics) and file format 4 (32-bit floating points)

Author: 0ff798c4877d54afde264ea438cc3885b320eb87

### Upcoming Release

!!!

TODO: Update release number (#TODO) in database version [database version 4](hyper-api/hyper_process#version-4) when doing this release!!!

!!!

> * Documented the new and improved [database file format version 3](hyper-api/hyper_process#version-3) that was introduced in version 0.0.16123. The new format supports 128-bit numerics. Refer to [Hyper Database Settings](/docs/hyper-api/hyper_process#default_database_version) for more information.
> * Introduced a new 32-bit floating point data type for `REAL`.
>   * Previously, `REAL` was internally mapped to 64-bit `DOUBLE PRECISION`.
>   * Introduced new [database file format version 4](hyper-api/hyper_process#version-4) to support reading and persisting the new 32-bit floats.
>   * A `CAST(… AS double precision)` is needed to store such columns in older file formats.

Reviewer 2: I would reorder this since 32-bit floats are more important:

```suggestion
* Introduced a new 32-bit floating point data type for `REAL`.
  * Previously, `REAL` was internally mapped to 64-bit `DOUBLE PRECISION`.
  * Introduced new [database file format version 4](hyper-api/hyper_process#version-4) to support reading and persisting the new 32-bit floats.
  * A `CAST(… AS double precision)` is needed to store such columns in older file formats.
* Documented the new and improved [database file format version 3](hyper-api/hyper_process#version-3) that was introduced in version 0.0.16123. The new format supports 128-bit numerics. Refer to [Hyper Database Settings](/docs/hyper-api/hyper_process#default_database_version) for more information.
```

:::warning

> Queries using `REAL`, `FLOAT4`, or `FLOAT(p)` with `p <= 24` are now treated as `32 bit` floating points.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Queries using `REAL`, `FLOAT4`, or `FLOAT(p)` with `p <= 24` are now treated as 32-bit floating points.
```

> This can lead to different results due to the different underlying rounding behavior and arithmetics of 32-bit floats.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This can lead to different results due to the reduced precision of 32-bit floating points.
```

> To preserve the old behavior, the used data types must be explicitly changed or cast to `DOUBLE PRECISION`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To preserve the old behavior, you need to use the types `DOUBLE PRECISION`, `FLOAT8`, or `FLOAT(p)` with `p >= 25`. These continue to be treated as 64-bit floating points.
```
